next to arrive in style his part-time
entertainer Chris with an item shorter
caused the odd sleepless night I
originally purchased it from a lady
perform in Blackpool they look wonderful
in a restaurant really great talking
piece and it just looked so beautiful
cause it's so big
Simon do I think we get the point the
sharp end once more you've nailed it
there I tell you how nice to meet you
properly dressed for this occasion can I
say come here sit down and tell me all
about this I've never been close up to a
bed of nails which is presumably what
this is this is something you do it as a
hobby yes I've been doing the bed
neighborhood team for about 20 years
Oh are there many better males around
although there's not a tour now
especially of this size right you be
pleased to know I've got a portable bed
in there a little one it's a little one
for camping if you want to go away now
for the weekend when do you think it was
put together well I mean I doubt whether
there's a huge age goes to be honest
there's a lot of years but in this case
the age is immaterial really the history
the bed of nails goes back to India 3
400 BC so did you make this no no I I
asked Lee perjur'd it from a female
performer who was doing it for a circus
in Blackpool but she found it very hard
to carry around all the time yes it is
big is it heavy shall we ask Simon who's
very good this what he thinks it might
be worth yes Simon with you very good
very good
well I don't think anyone's an expert on
well if anyone is you I've been sort of
mulling it over actually as to what what
we're going to get price-wise I think a
sensible pitch would be
120 hundred and 50 that kind of brackets
you know the reason I like this so much
is because these nails aren't fired down
no right he's a really sharp nails yes
can I ask you a question you may ask
anything thank you when you lie on it
yes do you hurt yourself
yes oh you do what I normally do I would
lie on it and I will actually get people
to stand on me today
would you stand on me as I lay on my bed
a nail
[Music]
how can I course I accept your challenge
buoyed by Simon's valuation It's
Showtime for Chris and he's determined
not to take a cheap deal lying down
[Music]
cries worries not the word have any idea
what this is no but have a lie down and
tell us this is my beautiful efficient
today we are gonna show you how it works
oh wow okay I have a stage and a bit of
crazy Chris okay where were your name is
Christopher Harris right that's not very
entertainment right then okay James Lee
and come this way I need I need you to
you stand there and shave you go wrong
I've got this pillow is very important
because nationally just to protect the
back of my head there's some important
stuff up there that I do need to keep
yeah w driving home all over the place I
don't mind anything else bleeding
because I'm a bleed no pressure
I'll be fine you serious yes because
these are shot nails here we go here we
go okay crazy Chris get down on that bed
crazy now your are you ready I'm ready
let's do this I'm nervous
you're just watching it oh no
it's really comfortable to me you're not
gonna stand on the roof yeah mrs. Havers
I know you're watching now we won't be
trying this at home
- how about that okay now you've seen
that I want you to cough up some decent
money for crazy Chris and his bed of
nails yes so crazy Bruce yes I'm racking
my brain where this would go in the
market so where wouldn't it go in the
market but I mean either anywhere it's
got nails on yeah but I'm looking to my
left because James buys them a car
there's this huge James it is to a point
that I don't know to do that but it is
obviously it's a unique thing okay so
should we start bidding on this sure the
rare bed of nails has certainly spiked
some interest and with James Porsche or
for the peculiar will Chris be able to
get more than 150 pound estimate camera
yeah I mean against 6000 safety
8,100 kimmm there's a better coming in F
in 110
come on come on come on ladies and
gentlemen and in 10 pound it probably
cut more 9 nails 130
oh and 3141 5000 again close 160 maybe a
little bit more a little bit more like a
thousand come on I reckon I reckon being
yet - 200 I'll go to you - how nada
I'm probably going to be out after that
- 10 - 20 it's going to the right place
yes - 30 - 40 - 50 - 60
- six five four I'm gonna stop okay
- 70 - 75
to 80 to 85
I was gonna say this is painful but
that's painful to 90 to 95 I've got a
top it up at 300
lupa more 305 315
320 325 but I think you can have it at
that rate sure yeah I'm gonna do it I'd
sleep on it tonight I might have to do
it's a good price for it it is you go in
blench 330 335 okay what I'm gonna do
with it I don't know amazing what a
great experience bar great experience
and the great thing is
[Music]
you